---
title: 13​TH​ ANNUAL NIGHT OF CHAMPIONS
description: All-American LPGA Golfer Tracy Hanson and Retired Atlanta Falcons Safety William White to be inducted into the AIA Hall of Faith
date: 2018-03-21 14:53:00 Z
position: 5
layout: media
---

### FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
**ATHLETES IN ACTION PLANS 13TH ANNUAL NIGHT OF CHAMPIONS**

#### WHO:	
Tracy Hanson and William White will be inducted into the Hall of Faith at the 13th annual Night of Champions, presented by Athletes in Action.

#### WHEN:	
Saturday, May 19, 2018 – 6:30-8:30

#### WHERE:	
Schindler Banquet Center – 651 Taylor Dr, Xenia, OH

#### WHAT: 	
The Night of Champions banquet honors important personal values like character, leadership and faith while honoring those who are true role models of sports.

“The Night of Champions, and the induction of two members into the Athletes in Action Hall of Faith, is one of my annual highlights,” said Mark Householder, president at AIA. “I never tire of celebrating high achievement and great character.”

Tracy Hanson enjoyed 15 successful years on the Ladies Professional Golf Tour and retired in 2009. She was an All-American golfer at San Jose State University where she won 11 tournaments and was on the team that won the NCAA National Championship. She also won a USGA Public Links Championship and earned Low Amateur honors at the USGA Women’s Open. 

After she retired, she embarked on a new journey – which included unpacking the truth about the harm and abuse she experienced as a child. She embraced her beauty as a woman of God and has a growing passion to live deeply from within her heart. She now speaks and has an active ministry where she shares her story with men, women and young people who are looking for hope in their lives.

For more information about Tracy, visit https://tracyhanson.com/.

William White played safety for The Ohio State Buckeyes and was a fourth-round draft selection in the NFL. He played 11 seasons overall and started in Super Bowl XXXIII for the Atlanta Falcons, where he led the team with nine tackles in the game. He also played for Detroit and Kansas City.   While a member of the Lions, he was named the Detroit Lions Edge Man of the Year in 1992.

At Ohio State, White started as a freshman and kept his position for his entire career. He was on two Big Ten Title teams and helped to win the Citrus Bowl in 1985 and the Cotton Bowl in 1987. He was a captain in 1987 and was named to the Academic All-Big Ten team in 1986 and 1987. He also received the Best Student Athlete/Arnie Chonko Award in 1986 and 1987, and he was a recipient of the prestigious Dr. St. Pierre Award at OSU from the Metallurgical Department.

For more information on tickets, visit https://aianightofchampions.com/ or call 937-352-1000.